src/site/notes/English/Photography and Cinematography/Barbie/Barbie and Mattel - article.md, before:

---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/english/photography-and-cinematography/barbie/barbie-and-mattel-article/"}
---

 **![](https://lh7-rt.googleusercontent.com/docsz/AD_4nXeaISqyfrZcfx32ro5zPkjK0YB2WYUZOgh8fO88USUSk786_4O4LXPr-dZtzA5rc5U2yhv_tKuhgiwFGNx_sYMR1VGrZojGvzUQtIVzZFtEyGm0ClGCyarer9QMkcZJAgWiO2GC?key=KbsC4tLaTSJYxLg-n79YVE_w) 

![](https://lh7-rt.googleusercontent.com/docsz/AD_4nXe_2UK9uXTEMyktdQVWa2TG_VNbf1xC2XLpSuAx-5v_WTDhki9NFRtEtNCoOhRXxqIm75hvKPg4yFrbh6nFp-hUme9ZMEoDqChTgmUb6QoavKcUvSBpm_LToeoP0-7phm0Ig5urqQ?key=KbsC4tLaTSJYxLg-n79YVE_w)

![](https://lh7-rt.googleusercontent.com/docsz/AD_4nXeF1Eiys0QrztZ5qJ7nuOOFh7jDTUq5hOEJ5cA0t9C5tIPneCUhO5HSfDe49Vp3jfm9HXU40UMmaiTipqxbPT4jSiwIIHTEGTLhaC8lYa6H6zjWZ-fyPYOE2KKkmgk5ztOjX5speg?key=KbsC4tLaTSJYxLg-n79YVE_w)

These scenes are central to the film’s critique of corporate control and gender representation, which is evident through contrasts in colour, framing, and character positioning. 

In the first scene, Barbie, at the centre, strides confidently into Mattel’s headquarters, a space saturated with bright pinks and swirling rainbow patterns. Her radiant, monochrome outfit stands out against the bodyguards’ black suits, reinforcing the contrast between individuality and corporate uniformity. The wide shot from the executives’ viewpoint frames Barbie as a prominent figure, visually asserting herself. The set design in the background, a stylised corporate lobby, exposes Mattel’s attempt to appropriate Barbie’s aesthetic while stripping it of its true essence.

The second scene shifts the power dynamic back to the real world. The Mattel CEO’s pink tie visually connects him to Barbie, yet his setting, a corporate boardroom with cold lighting, geometric windows, and his soot black suit, contrast with the vibrancy of Barbieland. The over-the-shoulder shot from Barbie’s perspective highlights his fake performative authority. Despite his flustered expression, he is ultimately powerless against what Barbie could accomplish if only she realised what Mattel, and the real world actually were. His pink tie, a mimicry of Barbie’s aesthetic, symbolises the commodification of femininity under corporate control. The Hollywood sign, visible in the background, serves as a meta-commentary on Mattel’s real-world influence over pop culture and the entertainment industry.

This visual contrast is further emphasised in the scene where Barbie is placed inside a life-sized toy box, similar to that of the original packaging of Barbie dolls. The pristine box symbolises corporate attempts to control and confine femininity within an idealised, commercialised image. The artificiality of the scene, with its rigid framing, heightens the discomfort, making the act of enclosure feel suffocating. This moment summarises the film’s central critique: the tension between Barbie as an aspirational figure and Barbie as a marketable product, a tension that the real world, and Mattel, struggle to reconcile. Lastly, the phrase "She's having the best day" is an ironic reinforcement of Barbie’s supposed perfection, contrasting with the growing cracks in her world—highlighting how expectations of happiness can mask underlying struggles.**

Commit message:

Update content src/site/notes/English/Photography and Cinematography/Barbie/Barbie and Mattel - article.md

src/site/notes/English/Photography and Cinematography/Barbie/Barbie and Mattel - article.md, after:

---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/english/photography-and-cinematography/barbie/barbie-and-mattel-article/"}
---

 **![](https://lh7-rt.googleusercontent.com/docsz/AD_4nXeaISqyfrZcfx32ro5zPkjK0YB2WYUZOgh8fO88USUSk786_4O4LXPr-dZtzA5rc5U2yhv_tKuhgiwFGNx_sYMR1VGrZojGvzUQtIVzZFtEyGm0ClGCyarer9QMkcZJAgWiO2GC?key=KbsC4tLaTSJYxLg-n79YVE_w) 

![](https://lh7-rt.googleusercontent.com/docsz/AD_4nXe_2UK9uXTEMyktdQVWa2TG_VNbf1xC2XLpSuAx-5v_WTDhki9NFRtEtNCoOhRXxqIm75hvKPg4yFrbh6nFp-hUme9ZMEoDqChTgmUb6QoavKcUvSBpm_LToeoP0-7phm0Ig5urqQ?key=KbsC4tLaTSJYxLg-n79YVE_w)

![](https://lh7-rt.googleusercontent.com/docsz/AD_4nXeF1Eiys0QrztZ5qJ7nuOOFh7jDTUq5hOEJ5cA0t9C5tIPneCUhO5HSfDe49Vp3jfm9HXU40UMmaiTipqxbPT4jSiwIIHTEGTLhaC8lYa6H6zjWZ-fyPYOE2KKkmgk5ztOjX5speg?key=KbsC4tLaTSJYxLg-n79YVE_w)

These scenes are central to the film’s critique of corporate control and gender representation, which is evident through contrasts in colour, framing, and character positioning. 

In the first scene, Barbie, at the centre, strides confidently into Mattel’s headquarters, a space saturated with bright pinks and swirling rainbow patterns. Her radiant, monochrome outfit stands out against the bodyguards’ black suits, reinforcing the contrast between individuality and corporate uniformity. The wide shot from the executives’ viewpoint frames Barbie as a prominent figure, visually asserting herself. The set design in the background, a stylised corporate lobby, exposes Mattel’s attempt to appropriate Barbie’s aesthetic while stripping it of its true essence.

The second scene shifts the power dynamic back to the real world. The Mattel CEO’s pink tie visually connects him to Barbie, yet his setting, a corporate boardroom with cold lighting, geometric windows, and his soot black suit, contrast with the vibrancy of Barbieland. The over-the-shoulder shot from Barbie’s perspective highlights his fake performative authority. Despite his flustered expression, he is ultimately powerless against what Barbie could accomplish if only she realised what Mattel, and the real world actually were. His pink tie, a mimicry of Barbie’s aesthetic, symbolises the commodification of femininity under corporate control. The Hollywood sign, visible in the background, serves as a meta-commentary on Mattel’s real-world influence over pop culture and the entertainment industry.

This visual contrast is further emphasised in the scene where Barbie is placed inside a life-sized toy box, similar to that of the original packaging of Barbie dolls. The pristine box symbolises corporate attempts to control and confine femininity within an idealised, commercialised image. The artificiality of the scene, with its rigid framing, heightens the discomfort, making the act of enclosure feel suffocating. This moment summarises the film’s central critique: the tension between Barbie as an aspirational figure and Barbie as a marketable product, a tension that the real world, and Mattel, struggle to reconcile. Lastly, the phrase "She's having the best day" is an ironic reinforcement of Barbie’s supposed perfection, contrasting with the growing cracks in her world—highlighting how expectations of happiness can mask underlying struggles.

- Note: based on [[English/Photography and Cinematography/Barbie/Barbie and Mattel - outline\|Barbie and Mattel - outline]], and [[English/Photography and Cinematography/Barbie/Barbie - Mise en scène\|Barbie - Mise en scène]]
